Added misalignment documentation. (#76)
campa-consortium/pals: source/element-parameters.md

```

%---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(s:non.params)=
## Non-Parameter Group Parameters

There are five element parameters that are so common, and do not fit into
any of the parameter groups, that they are not grouped. 
These element parameters are:
```{code} yaml
  field_master: NotSet  # [Boolean] See Below.
  is_on: T              # [Bollean] Turns on or off the fields in an element. When off, the element looks like a drift.
  length: 0             # [m] Length of element. For bends this is the arc length.
  name: ""              # [string] The name of element.

>   s_position: 0         # [m] The longitudinal position of the element.

Reviewer: Does "kind" belong here?

```

%---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(s:non.params)=
## Non-Parameter Group Parameters

There are element parameters that are so common, and do not fit into
any of the parameter groups, that they are not grouped. 
These element parameters are:
```{code} yaml
  field_master: NotSet  # [Boolean] See Below.

>   is_on: T              # [Bollean] Turns on or off the fields in an element. When off, the element looks like a drift.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  is_on: true           # [Boolean] Turns on or off the fields in an element. When off, the element looks like a drift.
```
